[alarm chiming]
[chiming continues]
[alarm stops]
HUMINT
INTELLIGENCE GATHERING
BY MEANS OF HUMAN SOURCES
[sighs]
[tense music playing]
MAHADOR. SOUTHEAST ASIA
[fast-paced electronic music playing]
Hey!
Come on! Come on!
Hey. hey. Money. money!
[chuckling]
Hey. come on!
Money! Hey. hey.
Here.
[grunts] Come on. Come on!
Enjoy.
Enjoy!
[operative] Soo-rin. it's me.
Put your clothes back on.
[beeps]
[operative sighs]
Her vital signs are stable.
[operative] I appreciate
all your hard work so far.
What's this?
Nothing special.
Wow. I've never been given
a gift at work before.
[chuckles]
But. um. I appreciate it.
Am I really…
getting out of this place today?
[operative] Two hours after I leave here.
the backup team will be here
to come and get you.
But before we get you out.
we need to go over everything
you've testified to so far.
One last time.
Can you do that?
It began when
I was sent away to Russia
so I could work and earn money.
But when you're a foreign currency earner.
you have to leave your family
behind in the motherland.
So I left my husband and child.
got to Vladivostok. went through training.
and started working.
Then one day.
while I was working at a restaurant.
State Security raided the place
and immediately ordered me
to be sent back.
And then… [breathes shakily]
…they took us away and told me
they were shipping me to Rajin Port.
Only…
these Russians got me instead.
And that's when they took me here.
[sobbing]
Those Russian animals.
they used me like I was their toy.
They even recorded it on video.
And they would
inject me with this drug
that seemed like bingdu.
Bingdu mentioned.
Confirm which drug she means.
We need that to get
her extraction approved.
[Soo-rin sobbing]
[sobbing continues]
It's okay.
So what is bingdu?
In the motherland.
crystal meth is referred to as bingdu.
-[sighs]
-[Soo-rin] So I was trapped…
having to endure all those men
whose faces I can't remember.
barely breathing through it all.
And then one day…
I realized that I had ended up in China.
Look. we need more information
about the drugs.
Who gave her the injections
and when did they start?
But she's giving us intel
on human trafficking.
That's irrelevant right now.
Push the drug narrative.
[gasping] Sir!
I'll say anything you want me to say!
-Please just get me out of here!
-What's she doing? Get her away now.
-Please. please get… [screams]
-[grunting]
[pounding on door]
[gangster 1] Hey. handsome boy!
What's wrong?
Are you okay?
-Open the door!
-Can't you send the backup team in?
You get out first.
We have everything we need.
What do you mean?
We're supposed to get her out today.
This operation's unofficial.
We're already on thin ice.
We'll get approval for extraction
once we file the intel.
Just get the hell out of there.
-[pounding on door continues]
-[gangster 1] Come on!
So that's all we got?
We're just abandoning her?
Hey. I'm coming!
-[gasping]
-Listen to me carefully.
There's been a little misunderstanding.
-But I'll sort it out soon. so--
-Don't leave me!
Please take me with you!
I just want to go back home
and see my family!
[gasps]
Okay. okay.
[agent 1] If you drag this out.
we'll all be exposed. Pull out now!
I'll pay extra.
Come on! Get out! Get out!
[agent 1] Do not engage
under any circumstances.
Just get out.
[gasps] Where are you going? Hey!
[screaming. gasping]
Fuck you. you South Korean fucks!
You used me.
and now you're throwing me away?
We had a deal!
You promised!
[screams] Please! Please. don't leave me!
Please!
Please don't leave with them… [grunts]
[screaming]
Please! Please!
[panting. screams]
Please!
[Soo-rin] Come back!
Stop it! Stop it!
-[mockingly] "Come back!"
-[screams]
-"Come back!"
-I'm sorry!
-Sorry. sorry!
-I'm sorry. please!
Hey. hey. hey. Go. go.
-Go.
-[Soo-rin] Please stop!
[grunts]
[Soo-rin breathes shakily]
Hey. I told you not to engage!
Just get out of there!
[grunting]
[screams. grunts]
[shouts]
[operative panting]
Soo-rin. Soo-rin. wake up.
[agent 1] Agent Zo.
You didn't take your gun. did you?
If you open fire.
this whole operation is compromised.
[shouts]
[all grunting]
[grunting continues]
[groans]
-[breathing shakily]
-[gangster 2 shouting]
[grunting continues]
[screams]
[grunts]
[tires squealing]
[sirens wailing]
NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE SERVICE
SAFE HOUSE. MAHADOR
[tense music playing]
Checking her pupils.
No response.
Soo-rin.
Soo-rin. wake up.
[doctor] I'm hooking up the monitor.
Oxygen saturation's low.
-Get the tank.
-[monitor beeping]
[gas hissing]
What's wrong? You can't find a vein?
They're all blown.
Let me check her feet.
[monitor beeping rapidly]
[agent 1] What is it? What's happening?
What's happening to her?
-[monitor flatlines]
-She's in V-Fib. Commence CPR.
We're gonna have to shock her.
CARDIOPULMONARY RESUSCITATION
Charge to 150.
[whirring. beeping]
Everyone stand back.
Clear.
Go to 200.
All right. Going again.
Clear.
I'm trying one more time. Clear.
I'm not getting a pulse.
[Zo] What do you mean? No. Wait.
[panting]
[agent 1] Okay. Okay.
[Zo panting]
[panting continues]
There's nothing we could've done.
The extraction was denied.
Even if we got her out.
she wouldn't have lasted very long.
If we'd done what we promised to do.
Ms. Kim Soo-rin wouldn't have died.
She put her trust in us.
In this business trust doesn't exist.
Everyone just uses each other.
It's how we do things here.
Get used to it.
Get used to it?
Just get used to people dying?
You don't start out like that.
It gets easier as you go.
NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE SERVICE
REPUBLIC OF KOREA
[director] Second Chief Zo.
is this the first informant you've lost?
Yes. it's his first.
but he's adjusting very well.
[director] Yes. well.
it might have been a bit shocking.
but thanks to Ms. Kim Soo-rin's sacrifice.
the picture is getting clearer.
We can tie this to
the drug distribution network
we've been tracking
in the Daechi-dong school district.
"North Korea has been distributing drugs
to our teenagers.
in an attempt to bring down
the future generations of South Korea."
We have the testimony
of several female defectors
who were victims of these crimes.
As well as traces of North Korean drugs
in Kim Soo-rin's body.
Due to the HUMINT operation.
the network of human traffickers
targeting North Korean women
is finally getting exposed.
-That's immaterial.
-No. no. no.
-Tell me more.
-Women are being drugged. sir.
and trafficked from North Korea
by way of Russia and China.
to Europe. Southeast Asia and elsewhere.
with Vladivostok often being
the point of origin.
Many testimonies mention
North Korean State Security.
so diplomatic missions are also suspect.
Here's the most recent intel.
Our Russian team got us details
on the Vladivostok mafia network.
LIST OF HUMINT SOURCES
INVESTIGATED TO DATE
VLADIVOSTOK MAFIA
ALEXEI SOKOLOV
NORTH KOREAN DRUG PRODUCER
[director] I see.
You've made a good case.
With North Korea and Russia
growing closer to each other.
even the US and China are trepidatious.
If there really is an entire international
crime ring on their borders.
and we're the ones to expose it…
-[sighs]
-Compile the report as soon as you can.
Agent Zo. you head to
Vladivostok immediately.
VLADIVOSTOK. RUSSIA
ARIRANG RESTAURANT
Good evening. May I take your coat?
Is this your first time joining us?
Welcome.
-Over here!
-[Zo] Oh.
Good evening.
You're here early.
No. I just got here a moment ago.
You must be tired.
I'm okay.
[groans]
They seem like they might be wealthy.
Give them extra attention.
Welcome. gentlemen.
Uh. this is our first time here.
What's good?
Are you from South Korea?
So?
I have money. and I'm a paying customer.
Is that an issue?
It's bad enough that
the motherland's divided.
We shouldn't put boundaries
on our meals as well.
-Could you?
-Hmm?
My friend here runs
a big pharmaceutical business.
If I show him a good time.
this dinner could lead
to a fruitful partnership.
Ah.
ARIRANG
CHAE SEON-HWA
Ah. Ms. Chae Seon-hwa?
I think that tonight.
I'm gonna trust you and just go along
with whatever you recommend.
I'll be sure to take care of you two.
Can't have a deal fall through
on my account.
[chuckles]
5 MONTHS LATER
TUMEN RIVER AREA. FANGCHUAN
NORTH KOREA-CHINA-RUSSIA BORDER
[all gasping. panting]
Damn it.
If you don't keep your heads on straight.
you'll end up like that.
We're not in China though.
Isn't this Russian territory?
Chinese public security
has been cracking down really hard.
It's safer if someone on the Russian side
gets you across into China from there.
[wind howling]
[all gasp]
[breathing shakily]
[grunts]
[exclaims]
-[groans]
-Now don't make trouble!
And live boldly!
Boss! Boss! Bingdu. bingdu.
It's brand new. Top notch.
Try a sample. I think you'll like it.
See what you think.
Next time. our consul general
will hook you up.
[defector shouts]
[gasping]
[grunts]
[breathes shakily. whimpers]
-[groans]
-[high-pitched ringing]
Clean up the faulty merchandise.
Do it neatly.
[defectors whimpering]
99% PURITY
It's outstanding.
Test the stuff out on them first.
[giggling]
[both moaning]
[laughing]
Stay the night.
[both gasping]
Shit.
[screaming]
[groaning]
[grunts] Do you have any idea
who you're messing with. you son of a…
[groaning]
[screams]
[groans]
I'm Park Geon
with the Ministry of State Security.
[both whimpering]
Human trafficking and smuggling citizens
across the border is illegal…
So I've come to arrest you.
I heard that you were coming.
Comrade Captain.
but I didn't think that you would
get to work so quickly.
[inhales. exhales]
I'm just doing what I need to do.
NORTH KOREAN CONSULATE GENERAL
IN VLADIVOSTOK
EXHIBIT 8. EXHIBIT 5. EXHIBIT 3
Unlock this.
[breathing shakily]
[door opens]
Well. my dear Comrade Park.
You just got here.
and you're already getting results.
I planned to report to you once I finished
the investigation. Comrade Consul General.
You came all the way from Pyongyang
and went straight to work.
How could I just sit back and do nothing?
Look at this. How could you do this
to your own people?
I'm gonna give you a chance
to do some self reflection.
Everything you've ever done.
from birth until now.
I want it written down.
Every crime you ever did.
even the ones you got away with.
-[pen clicking]
-[groaning]
[gurgling]
You oughta answer me if you comprehend.
For the sake of your family back home.
if nothing else.
I understand.
Oh. geez.
You're gonna catch a cold.
Hey. put some clothes on him.
All right. Let's go eat.
[footsteps]
[classical music playing]
[music continues]
Our Republic's art troupe
is quite popular.
Loggers come out here and work themselves
to death earning foreign currency.
[sighs] But they can't compete
with those female comrades.
Let's take a seat.
-[music fades]
-[patrons applauding]
[inaudible]
[patron] What do you think?
Yeah? Another?
Yeah. let's do another round.
[consul sighs] Comrade Park.
Since you came all the way to Vladi.
you've gotta try their vodka.
I think I'll pass.
My dear Comrade Park.
it's clear that you've had
plenty of loyalty tests.
To be honest.
I'm a little nervous.
The famous Comrade Park Geon.
who'll find you and bring you in
even if you're dead.
has come to keep an eye on me.
I'm here to investigate numerous
disappearances of our citizens
as a result of Russian mafia activity
in the border region.
Do you remember
the Republic hero who served
at our Berlin branch ten years ago?
His name was Pyo Jong-seong.
He was in State Security.
-[applauding]
-[grunts]
After Supreme Leader Comrade
Kim Jong Il passed away.
disloyalty was rampant
at the Berlin branch.
-That's when he tried to defect.
-[traditional music playing]
In the middle of all that. his wife.
who was pregnant with his child.
was shot and killed.
She died because he tried to betray us.
and he was obsessed with the belief
that the Party set him up.
He stormed in from Berlin.
vowing to turn Pyongyang upside down.
No one could stop him either.
He was strong. you see.
And in the end. Pyo Jong-seong made it
all the way over here to Vladivostok.
Where he met you. Comrade Consul General.
Even a People's Republic hero
can somehow end up
disappearing beneath the frozen surface
of the ocean out here in Vladi.
But that story's different
from what I know.
The Party decided the facts.
What more do you want?
[scoffs]
Listen carefully.
When those traitors flee the motherland
and they're on their own.
they have no way to survive.
so they end up selling themselves.
and when they get caught.
they all say they were framed
by South Korean Intelligence
or some foreigner tricked them into it.
so they're innocent.
Sure. A broker like the one you arrested
might turn up every once in a while.
but not very often.
Organized crimes like human trafficking
are a delusion.
Which means. you…
are here to keep an eye on me.
Comrade Park.
That's the only explanation.
Have you been doing anything
that would warrant investigation?
Sometimes you don't need to
do a thing to get investigated.
Good evening.
Do you two know each other?
That's everything. Please enjoy.
[consul] Comrade Seon-hwa
is the most popular female worker here.
It's hard to even
make eye contact with her.
[music fades]
-[patrons applauding]
-Looks like you have quite a history.
Excuse me.
What can I do for you?
[chuckles]
Thank you.
["Farewell" playing]
[Seon-hwa. in Korean]
♪ Somehow you'll come to mind ♪
♪ Even if you are a cold-hearted person ♪
♪ Memories of loving you so much ♪
♪ I won't be able to forget ♪
♪ At times. I'll miss you ♪
♪ When I look up at the round moon ♪
♪ Thinking of the vow we made that night ♪
♪ I'll regret the days gone by ♪
♪ Although we parted far. far away ♪
♪ Over the mountains ♪
♪ Although our two hearts ♪
♪ Parted across the seas ♪
♪ Sometimes you'll come to mind ♪
♪ Even if you are a cold-hearted person ♪
♪ Memories of loving you so much ♪
[phone buzzes]
♪ I won't be able to forget ♪
Park Geon here.
What?
Uh. what a coward. [sighs]
He'd already confessed to his crimes.
Why would he beg us to spare his family
and then do this?
Still. he did all he could to protect them
by giving a full statement.
It tells all about handing people over
at the border.
How much he got for them
and who they were.
Everything's there.
There's nothing about what happened
after he got them across the border.
Guys like him just get people across.
take the money. and split.
What more could he say about it?
What about video records?
You didn't order us to record him
while he wrote his statement.
So we just kept him under observation.
Don't get sentimental about it.
Get things rolling
so his family in Pyongyang
can be investigated as soon as possible.
Since this is over now.
I guess you'll be heading
back to Pyongyang
sooner than expected. huh?
[sighs]
Comrade Captain. you went to
a lot of trouble to record him.
but he made such a ruckus
that this ended up happening.
Anyway. it's been a while
since your last visit.
You should do some sightseeing
while we wrap things up.
[pensive music playing]
Don't take too long like last time.
If you think something
might happen. call me.
[bell chimes]
[doorbell dings]
[whistling]
-[door closes]
-[Zo] It's cold. isn't it?
How have you been?
[slamming. thudding]
[objects clattering]
[breathing shakily]
[beeps]
[agent 2] Signal normal.
Proceed.
[Zo] Hmm…
Your mother's almost out
of her meds. right?
As for having her cancer surgery
done in Seoul.
I inquired about it.
and if you decide to go through with this.
it'll be authorized.
I realize that bringing her over with you
won't be easy.
but when it comes to saving a life.
what do politics. or even treason. matter?
Article Three. Chapter One of
the Constitution of the Republic of Korea
says that Korea consists
of the entire Korean Peninsula.
According to our Constitution.
you and your family are all our citizens.
[Seon-hwa] If I make my decision today…
[Zo] Hmm.
…how many days at most
would it take to get me
and my mother out of here?
REPORT ON HWANG CHI-SUNG.
CONSUL GENERAL IN VLADIVOSTOK
[sighs]
ARIRANG RESTAURANT
[agent] Chae Seon-hwa's heart rate
is getting unstable.
Have you told anyone…
about our meetings?
Maybe your family?
[breathes shakily] Uh…
I'd never tell anyone about that.
Last time we talked.
you said you didn't wanna leave.
[sighs] Someone who…
[breathing shakily]
Someone who is very close to me…
[Zo] Mm-hmm.
…came to the restaurant earlier today
and the comrade consul general
was with him.
Who is it? Did they come to see you?
[sighs] I'm not sure. but…
[sighs] Never mind.
I guess I still haven't
organized my thoughts yet.
But first. I'd like to talk
about our arrangement.
PURITY 99%
[Zo] This is the boss of the mafia group
running the biggest drug operation
in Vladivostok.
Have you ever seen him?
The North Korean consul general
is up to something here in Vladi
and is colluding with the mafia.
[clicks tongue]
We can't… [sighs] …even look at
someone as powerful like him.
Then where do you get the bingdu?
Every time that we go out on a date.
the comrade manager gives it to us.
She keeps precise track of the dosages.
so that we won't take it ourselves.
And how do you give it to the customers?
Whenever we're about to serve
the customers their drinks.
we slip it in
without them knowing about it.
And then…
then we sleep with them.
Afterwards.
when customers start asking for it.
that's when we start selling it for money.
It's that simple?
I've never seen it fail.
It works every time.
I'm just worried
if I don't have details
about how it works higher up.
does that ruin it for me?
No.
Just telling us what you know
honestly and completely.
like you've been doing. is enough.
Now. shall we pick up
where we left off last time?
[Seon-hwa] Some of the comrades
at the restaurant got into trouble
and were taken by State Security.
They were said to have been
sent back to the motherland.
But even their families can't get
any information about
whether they actually made it back or not.
And you know one of them. do you?
She was one of the older girls.
who got here before I did.
They accused her of trying
to defect to South Korea.
After they took her.
I lost all contact with her.
Do you happen to remember her name?
Kim…
Soo-rin. I think.
Is that a name you recognize?
The State officers who arrest defectors
and send them back.
do they work undercover?
That's handled by the consulate comrades.
Was the person who came
to see you earlier…
also from the consulate?
[exhales deeply]
[grunts]
[tense music playing]
[Zo] It's your birthday soon.
[agent 2] She barely told us
anything about this new person
she says she met today.
She just hinted at it.
She could've made someone up to try
to make herself more valuable to us.
We still don't really know anything
about Chae Seon-hwa.
[Zo] You and I don't know each other
that well either. do we?
When I was assigned to work here.
do you remember the first thing
you told me. sir?
That you won't start a family
because you're afraid your work
might put them in danger.
and that you'd even cut ties
with the family you already had.
What about it?
[agent 2] It's just that you're being
awfully kind to Chae Seon-hwa.
What should I do? Torture her?
[agent 2] Today her heart rate
was much more unstable than usual.
At that level. it should have crossed
into a deceptive response.
and it's kind of suspicious
that it never did.
Are you saying she might have been
trained to suppress her responses?
I'm glad your mother gets her medicine.
even if you have to do it like this.
Meeting that Russian pharmaceutical agent
was a great stroke of luck.
It's all thanks to you
looking out for me. ma'am.
I just made the introduction.
You did all of the…
[gasps]
He gave you a nice little gift. huh?
Don't send this to Pyongyang.
Keep it for yourself.
You're not too tired
for tonight's show. are you?
It's my performance.
It doesn't matter if I'm tired or not.
[sighs]
Could I talk to Comrade Chae for a minute?
Oh. But she has a show to do.
Come up as soon as you're done.
[door opens]
[door closes]
Are you doing okay?
How's your mother doing?
You don't need me to tell you.
[sniffs]
Well. is there…
anything you need from me?
I have a show to do. Excuse me.
I've been searching for you.
Did you know I was here?
Is that why you came?
You know the kind of work that I do.
Did you really think that
covering your tracks
would keep me from finding you?
How could you leave so heartlessly?
You saw me the other night.
so you know what I do for a living.
Did you come all the way here for money?
You better go.
It's terribly cold out here.
[sighs]
[pensive music playing]
[exhales deeply]
[suspenseful music playing]
[phone buzzes]
GEUM TAE-HYUK
[Chi-sung] Hey. how did those two meet?
Captain Park Geon was
waiting for Chae Seon-hwa.
With the number of clients she's had.
we should be able to peg at least one
as a counter-revolutionary.
Track her entire history.
Now that we got rid of the broker's body.
how do we explain it to Captain Park Geon?
Just tell him the truth.
That Pyongyang refused
to take the body back.
Running bastards like him
through the system
would only inflate
our Republic's crime rate.
Even though Park Geon came here
to keep tabs on us.
he wouldn't dare damage
the Party's reputation.
The police contacted you
about cooperating with us. right?
I just need to confirm something
for diplomatic purposes.
The North Korean who came in today.
what room was he in?
That man at the hotel was from
the North Korean consulate. right?
The North Korean consulate regularly
keeps tabs on dispatched workers.
so it could be nothing.
Chae Seon-hwa said earlier that someone
who knows her well came to see her.
Let's start by analyzing the surveillance
from the North Korean restaurant.
-[beeping]
-Okay. I'll get it ready.
-Got a minute. Agent Im?
-Yeah?
[Zo] Hmm.
Who is this guy? Is he in our database?
Hmm. His face doesn't
look familiar. I'll check.
Send it over to me.
[Zo] Here.
The North Korean consul general
personally drove him over.
but they barely had time to eat
and left in a hurry.
Then they jumped in the car
and went straight back to the consulate.
[Im] Our database. the US. Japan…
Nothing's coming up.
But given the circumstances.
it's probably Chae Seon-hwa's guy. right?
I'll check on Chae Seon-hwa's actions.
You see if this new guy shows up
anywhere near the consulate.
or around any of the restaurant workers
or their dormitory.
Sir. I think you might
wanna see this first.
[clicking]
And this too. sir.
Early this morning.
a car entered the consulate.
but why would a visitor come then?
And more importantly…
something was smuggled illegally
from the consulate.
You think this is connected to the man
who came to see Chae Seon-hwa?
[Im] Hmm. at first glance.
it seems like they might
be romantically involved.
A boyfriend would wait inside.
not out in the cold.
An ex then.
[Zo] This guy's trained.
When he moves with the consul general.
he checks the perimeter.
And when he's waiting for Chae Seon-hwa.
he keeps exposure to a minimum.
I have a bad feeling about her.
Take a look. This is footage
from the camera across the street. See?
That's the consulate employee
we saw at the hotel. right?
He's watching them too.
The guy who does
the perimeter checks slips up here.
Something threw him off.
Chae Seon-hwa could be exposed.
[sighs]
4 MONTHS EARLIER
[Zo] Ms. Chae. don't be alarmed.
We're not disreputable people.
Please. have a seat.
Do you remember me?
If this makes you too nervous.
you can go ahead and leave.
But before you do.
I want you to know that I brought
some medicine for your mother.
Are you from the
National Intelligence Service?
If you're still uncertain.
we guarantee you'll be protected.
So don't worry.
The Party already knows
that I came here today.
So how could you possibly
guarantee my safety?
If you're in danger. we're in danger too.
I promise you
that I am here to help you.
Let's get them out before it's too late.
If we push this any further right now.
we'll put everyone at risk.
We haven't even verified her testimony.
and we don't have approval.
Then we just abandon her?
Do you think we're running
a travel agency for refugees?
What if Chae Seon-hwa's just telling us
what we want to hear?
What if we're the marks
in some kind of con she's been running?
We've been watching her
for over four months now.
Wait a minute.
Is this about Kim Soo-rin?
She's my informant.
I'll handle it.
[sighs]
[coughing]
[manager] You're not cut out
to be a smoker.
Can't sleep. huh?
Is something on your mind?
Not really.
If there's something you wanna do. do it.
Don't keep it bottled inside.
I've been watching you
for the past few months.
And that Russian businessman
is really treating you right.
A friend of mine ran a place in Cambodia.
and she had a worker
who fell for a customer
and ran off with him.
But you know…
when those things happen.
those of us in management
can deal with it.
So don't worry about me or anyone else.
Do what you need to survive.
Don't miss your chance
and end up regretting it like I did.
[Seon-hwa sighs]
[sighs]
VOICE MEMOS
20 RECORDINGS
RECORDING 4
[Im] This is Chae Seon-hwa singing
a song for Park Geon as a birthday gift.
[Geon] Are you really doing this?
[Seon-hwa] Hmm. You better not
erase it like last time.
[Geon] I told you.
I didn't do it on purpose.
[Seon-hwa] Just shut up.
[Geon sighs] Come on. Ready?
One. two. three. four.
[Seon-hwa. in Korean]
♪ Somehow you'll come to mind ♪
♪ Even if you are a cold-hearted person ♪
♪ Memories of loving you so much ♪
♪ I won't be able to forget ♪
♪ At times. I'll miss you ♪
♪ When I look up at the round moon ♪
♪ Thinking of the vow we made that night ♪
[humming]
♪ I'll regret the days gone by ♪
REPORT ON HWANG CHI-SUNG.
CONSUL GENERAL IN VLADIVOSTOK
♪ Though… ♪
[singing stops]
[clicking tongue]
[humming]
[ticking]
[door opens]
[grunting]
[grunting continues]
[groans]
[Tae-hyuk] Hey. don't hurt him now.
Comrade Captain.
It's just us.
Calm down.
Well. you drank all this by yourself?
Look. the comrade consul general
wants to see you urgently.
Well. look who it is.
Why didn't you tell me
that you two had been engaged?
I was barking up the wrong tree.
Turns out. you didn't come
all this way to keep an eye on me.
You came looking for Comrade Chae.
I didn't know that.
SUBJECT PROFILE: CHAE SEON-HWA
I apologize.
You don't owe me an apology.
Oh. boy. Did I get it wrong again?
I kept thinking about it.
but I just couldn't figure out
why you would lie
about what you were doing here.
So when I realized
this is why you were here.
I slapped my knee.
Let's watch. shall we?
For the past month.
this Russian businessman
has been calling Comrade Chae
to the same hotel room
at least once a week.
But wait. You see those two there?
They're always in the room next door
on the exact same day.
Huh. Why would she bow to an empty room?
So far everything can be explained away.
But watch closely now.
[chuckles]
This is where it gets interesting.
Those two rooms
are connected by that door.
This one's from a different hotel
two months ago.
The occupants of the two rooms
come and go at different times.
but. again. they're using
connected rooms the same day.
And here's another hotel.
-[sighs]
-It's from three months ago.
It's always the same thing.
Why exactly are you showing this to me?
Well. I mean.
isn't that why you're here?
It's a problem if this is
something you knew about.
and it's a problem if you didn't.
Chae Seon-hwa has been
recruited by South Korea.
[line rings]
[phone buzzing]
Yes. sir.
A car just left
the North Korean consulate.
Looks like they're raiding
the restaurant staff dorms.
Why would they do that at this hour?
Wait. Where are you right now?
I'm on my way to the scene.
Keep an eye on things and back me up.
We're not supposed
to do this kind of thing.
Our job is to gather intel.
surveil. report our--
[engine revving]
[clattering]
[glass shattering]
[clattering continues]
[Geon] What the hell did you do?
[Seon-hwa] You tell me.
What did I do?
[Geon] Who are these people?
Tell the others whatever you want.
but don't hide anything from me
if you want my help.
Do you know what happens if they label you
a traitor for contacting spies?
Is this why you were looking for me?
State Security knows everything.
Are you working with the South Koreans?
Once the investigation starts.
they'll break you.
Admit that you agreed
to work with the South Koreans.
But only so you could get intel
to pass on to me.
[Tae-hyuk] I got something.
I found American dollars
in Comrade Chae's dormitory.
-[sighs]
-Search the whole room.
Make sure you don't leave anything out!
-Why do you have dollars?
-You haven't changed a bit. have you?
[tense music playing]
[whistling]
[sighs]
[Chi-sung sighs] Comrade Chae.
you've led a very industrious life.
haven't you?
JUCHE 103 (2014).
AS I TURNED 17 I ENTERED…
Some would say 28 years is short.
Others would say it's too long.
Either way.
thank you for writing so honestly.
Now. Comrade Chae.
you must have felt deeply hurt
by Comrade Park. huh?
Your father got caught smuggling in China.
trying to make enough to cover
your mother's cancer treatment.
Which meant you had to drop out of
the Pyongyang University of Music
and come out here
to earn foreign currency.
enduring so much hardship. my goodness.
I imagine that you probably thought
that Comrade Park would help you
in this situation and try to fix things.
But instead of doing whatever he could
to cover up the mistakes
of his future in-laws.
he personally took charge
of the investigation.
This is what happens when guys
put work over love. you know?
I would have fallen out of love too.
This is all true. isn't it?
It's the absolute truth. I swear.
Since everything you wrote was true…
[inhales sharply]
…you can write it one more time
exactly the same. right?
Without changing a single word.
[suspenseful music playing]
[music continues]
[audio feedback plays]
[Chi-sung] Your memories from
when you were three correspond.
Your memories from
13 years ago correspond.
And memories from
three years ago correspond too.
So how come your memories
from three days ago don't?
Sorry?
The number of customers who came
to the restaurant you work at
doesn't match what you wrote before.
And the number of times you went
to the bathroom is also wrong.
[Seon-hwa] Comrade Consul General.
Would it be possible for me
to get some water. please?
Why are your lips so parched?
Are you nervous about something?
You can have water later.
Write it again and tell the truth.
[pen clicks]
[gasps]
[tense music playing]
[tense music continues]
[pen clicks]
Water…
May I have some?
How sad.
Serve her some water.
Take a deep breath and hold it.
Brace yourself.
[phone chimes]
[gagging. gasping]
[muffled screaming]
[panting]
Our Republic's top expert
is dealing with you personally.
It's quite an honor. don't you think?
[panting]
You two had such a heartbreaking romance.
Wow. You got an expensive gift. huh?
I think they might fit me.
[chuckles]
Hmm?
You didn't mention anything
about meeting the South Korean agent
who gave this little present to you.
[Chi-sung] Start the car.
[clattering]
[Geon] Like I said.
the bribe that
the South Korean agent gave her
must be turned over to me
and sent to Pyongyang as loyalty funds.
It just wasn't reported
because the operation was classified.
It's not right to send her back
right away like this.
A classified operation
the local consul general isn't aware of?
I've never heard of anything
like that before.
Does this have to do with my mission?
You said your mission was to investigate
some disappearances. didn't you?
What else can I do? Rules are rules.
Let me drive you myself.
Port inspections go a lot smoother
when it's someone
they're used to dealing with.
[Geon] Even if you end up in Pyongyang.
tell them you gave false statements
and stick to what's written on that.
I'll do whatever it takes to find
the South Korean agents and save you.
I won't disappoint you again.
There's no need for both of us to die.
Those who are able to live should.
[Geon] Hey!
Give me all the info you have
so far on the South Korean agents.
What. are you going to try to round up
a couple of South Korean spies
to try to save your girlfriend
or something?
Of all the businesses
we think are South Korean fronts.
this one's the most suspicious.
Ownership changed about four months ago.
And the new owner looks a lot like
that guy in the hotel room
-next to Chae Seon-hwa's.
-Why didn't you report that?
Well. because we thought
you knew about it.
You were on top of things we had no clue
about. like that broker.
-so I thought--
-We're gonna hit 'em right now.
Without the comrade
consul general's orders.
we're not going anywhere.
What if we left our posts here.
and while we were away.
something were to happen?
That's right.
We should all stick to doing
what we're supposed to do.
[guard] All clear!
Once I get to Rajin Port.
will they put me on trial immediately?
The Party will act according to its laws.
VLADIVOSTOK PORT
[suspenseful music playing]
[suspenseful music continues]
Shit! [pants]
Hey. bro.
[Chi-sung] Hey.
[shutter clicks]
[shutter clicking]
[Chi-sung] Consider her as payback
for taking care of the broker's body.
She's our top foreign currency earner.
Did you have to kill the broker?
Is there something you need to tell me?
Pyongyang sent me this
hotshot investigator to keep tabs on me.
But don't worry.
I'll kill him and send him back soon.
Live boldly!
[tires squealing]
[phone buzzes]
MANAGER ZO
KOREA GENERAL TRADING COMPANY
[suspenseful music playing]
[suspenseful music continues]
[grunts]
EVIDENCE OF HWANG CHI-SUNG'S
DEALINGS WITH RUSSIAN CRIMINALS
PHOTOGRAPHIC EVIDENCE
[suspenseful music continues]
[associate 1] Like this.
-Goddamn it!
-Hey. idiots! What are you doing?
Do you know how much money that cost me?
It's bulletproof. It's going to be
traveling all the way to Moscow.
Did you really think I wouldn't have
accounted for something like that?
-[gasps]
-[pants]
[chattering]
[auctioneer] So tell me. gentlemen.
who will lay claim
to this gorgeous lady this evening?
[grunts]
[grunting continues]
[screams. grunting]
[shouts]
[grunting continues]
[shouts. grunts]
[grunting]
[groaning]
I'm here to see your superior.
[panting]
[exclaims]
[grunting]
[panting]
AGENT IM: CALL ME
[phone buzzing]
If you wanna save your coworker.
get over here right now.
[Zo] At least tell me who I'm talking to.
Because of you people.
an innocent person got extradited.
You don't need to know who I am.
Just know this. I'm gonna break
a bone in her body every single minute
until you get over here.
Is this Chae Seon-hwa's lover?
I'm at the place
where she's being held right now.
Bullshit. She got extradited.
I've got evidence that your consul general
handed Chae Seon-hwa over to the Russians.
Check with the agent you're with.
She can verify what I'm telling you.
[Geon] I said one bone every minute.
-[bones crack]
-[Im screaming]
[whimpering]
MANAGER ZO:
CURRENT LOCATION
[groans]
This is Chae Seon-hwa's
last known location.
[gasps]
Just don't make a mess. Do it clean.
This isn't just a simple case
of one of your employees falling for
a customer and running away.
This is a case of collusion
with a dissident spy.
Isn't your son
headed to Kim Il Sung University
this year?
I overheard Captain Park Geon
tell Chae Seon-hwa
that he was going to use his influence
to make it look like they had planned
the whole thing together.
I heard him say it with my own ears.
If you knew all this.
why didn't you report it?
Park Geon found out I knew.
He told me to keep my mouth shut.
He said it was State Security business.
and he threatened me to keep me quiet.
-And the South Korean spy?
-Huh?
"Huh"? [chuckles]
Ah…
Chae Seon-hwa has been
secretly meeting and coordinating
with a South Korean spy. and. uh…
[whispering] Loyalty funds.
Uh. loyalty funds.
Park Geon knew about this
and intercepted the money
that she got from South Korea
under the pretext
that they were loyalty funds.
Captain Park Geon and Chae Seon-hwa
are traitors to our great Republic!
And applause.
[applauding]
Now that we've secured the testimony.
let's go catch the traitor Park Geon.
[engine starts. revs]
[tires squealing]
[panting]
[gasps]
[breathing shakily]
Keep that up.
and you'll actually end up dead.
If I'm going to die. I'll do it myself!
And anyone who touches me
dies with me.
Park Geon is heading
toward the auction house.
Hey. you can't…
You can't let him go there!
What's going on?
Bitch!
[gasps. grunts]
[whimpering]
Yeah?
The guy I told you about from Pyongyang.
he's on his way there
looking for the girl.
He's alone?
Looks like he's already here.
Kill him. sell his organs. I don't care.
Do whatever's convenient for you.
I'll be there as soon as I can.
-[gunshots in distance]
-[scoffs]
How the hell did that asshole
get there so fast?
[grunts]
[groaning. whimpering]
[screams]
I'm looking for the North Korean woman
who just got here.
Don't mess it up again. Let's go!
Shit.
-Fuck.
-[associate 2] It's gonna be okay.
Don't worry.
[associate 3] Hey. What's going on?
[associate 2]
Everything's okay. It's okay.
[tires squealing]
[engine revving]
[suspenseful music playing]
[suspenseful music continues]
Stop!
[grunts]
[screams]
[panting]
[gun clicking]
[Alexei] Calm down!
It's not a big deal!
[clamoring]
[screams]
[grunting. groaning]
[associate 3] Bitch!
[both screaming]
-[gasps]
-[associate 2] Fuck!
[screams]
[panting]
[high-pitched ringing]
[Seon-hwa whimpers]
-[Zo grunts]
-[gasps]
[grunts]
[groaning]
[panting]
[gun clicking]
[gasps]
What are you doing here?
Why would you come this far for Seon-hwa?
She's my HUMINT.
You people are the ones
who put her through hell.
And you people sold her to the Russians.
I'm trying to save her.
Then shoot me already and go find her.
[grunts]
Are you from Korea?
North Korea?
Let's keep our heads on straight
and get out of here.
[whimpering]
[Geon groans]
[gunshots in distance]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[grunts. screams]
-[groans]
-[gun clicking]
[panting]
[gasps. whimpers]
[groaning]
[gun clicking]
[breathes shakily]
[gunshot]
[grunts]
[groans]
[shouts]
[inhales sharply]
[groans]
[shouts]
[strains]
[grunts]
[groans]
[grunting]
[Geon shouts]
[grunts. groans]
[shouts]
-[sizzling]
-[Geon groans]
[panting]
[both panting]
[all breathing heavily]
[car locks beeping]
Everyone. get down!
[defectors whimpering. screaming]
Hide! Hide!
Take cover!
Hurry!
[screams]
[defectors screaming]
[screaming]
Stay back.
-Shit.
-[Chi-sung] Park Geon!
Get out here. you little asshole!
Do you have any idea how much damage
you've just done to our Republic?
[screams] So it's true!
You're working with the South Koreans.
you backstabbing traitor!
[coughing]
Since everyone's on the same team.
we should probably raise
the Korean Unification flag!
[grunting]
-Park Geon. you son of a bitch!
-[defectors groaning. screaming]
This will only end if you come out now!
[gun clicks]
The Moscow mafia's gonna get your head.
But I'm gonna take the rest
and send it back to the capitol!
Those who are able to live should!
[vehicle approaching]
[grunts]
[panting]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[groaning. whimpering]
[breathes heavily]
[panting]
[gasping]
[gun clicks]
Get down!
[grunts]
[groans]
Take cover!
[grunts]
[grunts] Shit!
[panting]
[grunting]
[gasping]
[all breathing heavily]
[grunts]
[both grunting]
No!
Let go of me!
[screams] No!
[panting]
[sobbing] Please. Please…
Please save him. I beg you!
Please save him!
Please…
Please help him!
-[gun clicking]
-[grunting]
-[gun clicks]
-[gasps]
[panting]
Don't. Please don't.
[grunts. groans]
[whimpers]
[gasps] Damn it.
[pants] No!
Shit.
No!
[grunting. groaning]
[groans]
[scoffs]
[defectors gasp. whimper]
Everyone's starving to death anyway.
so what's the point of doing this shit?
All the goddamn
communist beggars are dying
because of bastards like you!
[gasping]
[coughing. gasping]
[coughs]
[silence]
[silence continues]
[panting]
No. you… you can't.
[silence]
[no audible dialogue]
[wind howling]
[silence continues]
[no audible dialogue]
[Zo] This Russian organization
that trafficked these victims
was also exploiting the women
for secondary activities.
supplying pornography
to legalized websites.
prostitution and drug distribution.
Allowing them to generate
over one million dollars in revenue
each and every month.
[chattering]
So the distribution routes
for the North Korean-produced drugs
that we were seeking
were never discovered.
Could I just ask…
Section Chief Zo.
there's a note in your file
stating that after losing an informant
during the previous Mahador operation.
you showed signs of depression
and self-blame.
Were any of your decisions
influenced by that?
That probably isn't a question that
should be addressed by Section Chief Zo.
His partner should answer.
Agent Im. what are your remarks?
My assessment would be
that his personal emotions
never caused any issues
in the line of duty.
What about Chae Seon-hwa?
Sorry?
I'm curious about
why she made that kind of decision
when we went so far as to save her life.
Well. what other choice
could she have made?
She was extracted to Japan.
And while we were questioning her
at our embassy.
we arranged for a broker
to carry out her mother's defection.
DEATH CERTIFICATE
NAME: LIM SUN-AE
[Zo] But she died
of cardiac arrest during transit.
Chae Seon-hwa lost everything.
And yet she didn't ask
for any compensation in return.
She just…
I wanna go someplace
where nobody knows me…
so I can start my life over again.
Sir.
Park Geon whispered something
in your ear right before he died.
Did he ask you to get Chae Seon-hwa out?
No. he didn't.
He asked me if he was going to be okay.
He said he wanted to live.
[chattering]
Bye-bye.
[friend] Goodbye! Thanks again.
Bye. [chuckles]
See you!
[grunts]
[church bell tolling]
[tense music playing]
ALL CHARACTERS.
LOCATIONS. ORGANIZATIONS.
AND EVENTS IN THIS FILM
ARE FICTIONAL
ANY RESEMBLANCE
TO ACTUAL LOCATIONS. PERSONS.
OR EVENTS IS PURELY COINCIDENTAL